How's that?
Everybody feel?
Okay?
So really angry with me because
the hardest thing is to write these
examples and
have them like actually make sense.
And try to put you in a situation
where it's like realistic.
So, all right, we can go through and
answer these one by one.
I should also mention for
those of you in the classroom online,
there's these other code pens available.
If you want to jump ahead we won't
be talking about common ads or
mono ads today or anything like that.
So if you want to jump in my coat pens and
look you can.
So right words, so
we're going to do is say,
all right, well split takes one
argument at a time, string last.
So here's a function that takes a string.
But if I just call split like that,
with its argument, it's now a function
that takes a string, right?
Okay, one way to look at it is if I
take a string and then put it here.
You can kind of cancel out the arguments,
like cross them out [LAUGH].
It's kind of like a little algebra trick,
there you go.
Cool, and we're still passing down here,
here we have map,
an just like we crossed out the last one,
we can get rid of these x's here and
these x's.
And map function to where two arguments
takes its data last, we can just say map
words and
still passes down there exercise one A.
So it's nice, we got rid of all that kind
of unnecessary names and ceremony and
just got right to the definition.
Sentences is just mapping words
[LAUGH] after the array and
grabbing all the words from it.
Exercise two this one is
along the same lines it's got
a lot of function noise in here.
I didn't use arrow functions to
define these because it just looks so
much fun to watch all the noise fall away.
So, one of the we are updating mostly
out of quick guide to like, eat snacks,
and I was like, it's not as cool anymore,
because arrow functions are so nice.
So, we have a function that takes x's.
Let's start off by saying okay,
we're going to take these x's and
return a new function.
We can just cross these out here, right?
So let's go ahead and say, filter.
Keep it passing at least.
Filter is a function, it took x's,
we'll just get rid of x's there and
here and
now it's a function that takes x is still.
Then it's blowing up.
There we go.
But we can take it one step further.
Test is a function that
takes in argument and
we can keep that grade and
just remove all these.
All we need is that.
So there we go.
I mean we're just saying
we're gonna test for
any cues, we're gonna filter
an array that does that.
All right, let's jump on to the next one.
Keep highest is just this little
helper function just takes the max.
And what we're going to do is rewrite
this in its simplest form and
something I didn't touch on yet.
I'm glad we're hitting this is that.
We didn't talk about
callable functions and
let me just hop over here and
reason this fun new,
fun new program to do our examples
because it's so clean look at this.
All right, so
if I have a function called add again,
right and takes its x and
y and it just adds them.
Add if I just console that log
add it is a function right.
This is never helpful.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Just so you all know [LAUGH].
If you're ever gonna build
that it is never helpful.
So all right, so add is a function and
if I call it with arguments,
it's now a value.
But if I don't call it, it's just a happy
little function waiting to be called.
I should have been a little
bit clearer with that upfront.
But hopefully you all had
the prerequisite of just
understanding JavaScript is
the core idea of JavaScript.
But since we know that we can just
pass functions around like that.
We can actually say, well,
a function that takes an accumulator and
an x will key pious is a function that
takes that same accumulator and an x.
Why am I putting in a function and just
throw it in the same argument through,
I could just remove this entire function.
Do that right off the bet.
Okay, so there's one step.
Do you all see how that works?
Since I can put them side by side, but
reduce will pass its accumulator and
value and to keep highest.
Keep highest takes those two arguments.
So I don't need to actually pass
in an accumulator and an x.
And simply call a function that
takes an accumulator and x.
I can just get rid of all that noise
by passing in the first class function.
Now, here are a lot of you
squirming in your chairs and
JavaScript has all these bizarre functions
that take variadic like arguments and
sometimes this gets you into trouble.
So sometimes this is the right answer.
But I just wanted you all to
have a clear understanding
of this being because reduce, for
instance, takes passes an extra argument.
This one just throws it away.
But that's just something to know.
All right, last thing is,
again, we can cross out the x's.
So let's go ahead and do that.
And we took that giant ceremonious
hard to understand reduce everybody,
like all reduces that
somebody called it fancy.
They're like, hey, can you remove all that
fancy JavaScript you've been writing,
I was like what reduce?
But it's, yeah, when you when you're able
to define it in these very clean terms,
it almost reads like English.
And I think that's very nice.
Last couple here before
we jump into composition.
So define slice and
we want to make it carried.
So slice is gonna to take
one argument at a time.
So it'll take on our xs.
Well, taken our start in our end and
our xs last, that argument order.
So our data last and
we'll just turn around and call a slice.
With the start and end.
You don't typically have to do this,
because it's probably built into
a library,
if you're doing this kind of programming.
All the kind of standard library
functions will show up curried for
you arguments last.
There we go.
Should be passing bonus one, terrific.
And then bonus two says take.
It's gonna take n elements from an array.
So if I say take two,
it'll give me the first two.
So I can just slice,
slice, the, wait a second.
Getting confused here.
We're going to take n, right.
We're going to slice n does that work?
Doesn't work.
Someone helped me out.
I haven't done this in like three years.
[LAUGH].
>> Provide this start as zero.
>> That's a great idea.
We'll start with zero.
Thank you.
Yeah, starting at zero and two,
that makes so much more sense.
So these are kind of like a few examples
where currying really pays off, right?
We've seen all this code,
just kind of dissolve into the background
that was just noise it was
we lost all the signal in favor of
this ceremonious noise everywhere.
And, I don't want you to think that
you should always curry things and
the smaller code is better code or
whatever.
I'm just saying,
if you define sometimes this makes
the most sense in this situation.
To define a very clean function for
reuse rather than having to define
a full function and all its arguments and
name those arguments and so on.